feat(tracer): add record_exception API (#4771)
DataDog/dd-trace-rb: docs/GettingStarted.md

current_span.set_tag('my_tag', 'my_value') unless current_span.nil?
```

> You can record an exception in the current span. It will add the recorded exception as a span event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can record an exception in the current span. It adds the recorded exception as a span event.
```

Author: addressed in [9ec7dd2](https://github.com/DataDog/dd-trace-rb/pull/4771/commits/9ec7dd26b2949b36dbe2b42c0dd5f584eb0d72c8)

You can record multiple exceptions during the lifetime of a span.
```ruby
# e.g: recording an exception in the active span
rescue => e
  current_span = Datadog::Tracing.active_span

>   current_span&.record_exception(e, attributes: { foo: "bar" })

Author: Addressed in [454c377](https://github.com/DataDog/dd-trace-rb/pull/4771/commits/454c3775ed84f9f8a195e0b4c1dae7bb92b53f14)
